# DEATH AT THE MUSEUM

His footsteps echoed in the dark and lonely halls of the British Museum in London. They echoed like the staccatto pop-pop-pop of machine gun for the man was running. His hard soled shoes banged the Italian tile floor as he raced through the Egyptian exhibit, passed the prehistoric rooms and punded up the stairs.

Behind him, a snuffling sound. Like a dog catching a waft of scent on the wind as it searched for its prey. But this was no mere dog in the hunt. The creature stood over six feet tall and ran on its hind legs, only occasionally dropping to his forelegs. Long nails clicked on the floor and added a tympatic counter-rhtythm to the staccatto beat of the fleeing man’s hard soled shoes.

The man was Sir Godfrey Markum-Dunn. He was curator of the Scythian Exhibit in the upper hall and was a world renowned scholar and archaeologist. He was also a dead man, but he wasn’t aware of this at the time.

Sir Godfrey ran; the creature chased. He didn’t stop. The creature did. It sniffed the air, tracking its prey through the antiquity housed in the greatest museum in the world.

Then, Sir Godfrey found himself in his own exhibit, a sprawling room with locked cases showing off ancient bronze-age weapons, gold idols, jewelry. In the center of the room stood a chariot with a fascimile of a great king whipping his horses to speed faster across some ancient plain on the edge of the Caspian Sea.

The man, about 60 years of age, slowed his pace as he entered the exhibit. In fact, for a moment, he stopped and let his eyes flit from object to object, case to case. Then he found the one he was searching for.

Once again, he darted off but with a glance over his shoulder as the ruff-ruff snorting sound of the creature in pursuit reached his ears. Trying to ignore it, he dashed on around the ancient king galloping his chariot horses and to a small wooden case near the back wall of the room.

The case stood waist high but was only a bit more than a foot square. It had a glass top and was locked with a simple tumbler lock that even the most inept thief could pick. But Sir Godfrey wasn’t an inept burglar. He was a well-respected archaeologist and he didn’t care to unlock the case. He simply smashed the glass with his hand, cutting it.

He didn’t take notice of the gash across the palm of his hand. He merely scooped up the small gold figurine, stuffed it into his jacket pocket and turned towards a door marked NO EXIT. 

A glance over his shoulder as a low moan, a howl entered the exhibit hall. The creature was near. 

Walking backwards, Sir Godrey felt rather than found his way to the NO EXIT door. He pressed on the long latch handle but the door was locked. He cursed under his breath, odd for this man of science and deep felt integrity. He banged on the handle, as if greater force would unlock it. Then he felt his pants pocket, first the right, then the left.

Keys!

His left hand dug out a set of keys and he flipped through them searching. Blood ran down his fingers and stained the ring but Sir Godfrey paid no attention. He glanced from the keys to the exhibit, searching through the cases for any sign of the creature that followed him.

Behind him, the door shifted. It opened a crack, then flew off its hinges as if smashed by an unseen fist. It clattered down the hard, metal staircase and rested, bent and torn, on the first lower landing. In the doorway stood the creature.

Oddly, Sir Godfrey didn’t move. He remained hunched over the keyring, searching for the correct one to open the door behind him. The door that was no longer locked. The door that was no longer there.

The creature waited. It was in no hurry.

At last, Sir Godfrey found the right key and turned to unlock the now missing door.

His nose wrinkled at the smell. Wet fur.

His eyes squinted as he saw the beast standing before him.

His ears recoiled as the beast’s pants pounded them.

Again, Sir Godfrey uttered a curse and took a step back, away from the stench and horror that stood before him. The creature took a step forward, matching Sir Godfrey’s movements.

For what seemed an age, the two ... a man in a dark, tan suit and a creature of matted fur and rot ... seemed to be locked in a perverse dance as they stepped in unison back into the Scythian Exhibit hall.

Then, Sir Godfrey made his mistake. He turned and ran. Or tried to. But the creature reached out with a long, boney hand and swatted Sir Godfrey’s foot, which caught his leg and set the man sprawling across the slick Italian tile floor.

He slid several feet and crashed up against a case, breaking its spindle legs and crashing the display to the floor. The wood frame shattered. The glass disintegrated and eleven fine pieces of Scythian jewelry ... gold, fitted with all manner of precious stones ... skittered across the floor.

Sir Godfrey scrambled for his feet but found no purchase. Hard soles shoes contribute well to a gentleman-scholar’s wardrobe but are miserable accoutrements for fleeing otherworldly monsters.

Besides, the creature loped across the broken glass and wood and picked up the man and drew him to its face. It pulled Sir Godfrey’s face to its snount and huffed. Saliva and snot from the creature’s mouth and nose plastered his face. The smell of rotten flesh wafted over him as the creature panted.

Something rumbled from creature. Almost a word. Yes. A word. But garbled as the wolf creature tried to speak.

It sounded like “kurhah” or “courage”. It was a growl mixed with human language. A deep rumble.

Sir Godfrey shyed away from the creature’s breath, from the strange word it tried to say. The creature forced his head to it own, its cold eyes locking with Sir Godfrey’s. 

It said the word again. “Kurhah. Masta say Kurhah.”

“I .. I don’t have it,” Sir Godfrey managed to sputter. 

The creature lifted the trembling man above its head, as if to throw it and it screamed. 

“Kurhah. Kurhah. Kurhah,” it bellowed. Then drew the quivering man back to its face. “Kurhah.”

The first words were screams. The last, a whisper.

“I told ... your master was told,” managed Sir Godfrey. “I told him I couldn’t get the idol. It was not found where he directed me. I did not find it in the ruins. I swear by all that is holy ...”

The creature screamed again, angered, frustrated. This time, it lifted Sir Godfrey with both arms and flung him across the exhibit hall.

Sir Godfrey’s body seemed to tackle the ancient Scythian king, knocking him from his chariot. An afront, certainly, to the ancient Scythian gods. The old archaeologist tried to stand but his leg was broken. Besides, the creature was there and dragged the crawling man backwards by his shattered leg.

Sir Godfrey screamed in pain. The creature bellowed in anger.

Somewhere, outside the Scythian Exhibit Hall, another sound. A voice.

“God dammit, Sir Godfrey. Where in Hell have you run off to? You cannot hide from this, you scoundrel. Publishing your lies, your feable research is one thing but besmirching my character and my own scholarship in the process is too much. Damn you, man. Show yourself or I’ll have your head.”

The creature barely gave notice to the gruff voice that shouted. It was focused on the man it held in its claws.

“No Kurhah?” 

It cocked its head, like a dog catching sounds from an angle to determine its source.

“No Kurhah. Masta say kill.”

Sir Godfrey’s face, already pale, turned whiter that the hard Italian tiles below him.

“I will get it. I’m researching ...”

“No Kurhah. Masta say kill.”

Sir Godfrey only managed the start of a scream before the creature ripped open his stomach with its claws, spewing blood and entrails. The claw also ripped Sir Godfrey’s custom made suit coat, tearing the pocket carrying the small, gold statuette he had taken from the small display case. 

The idol rattled across the floor towards the main exhibit hall entrance but the creature didn’t notice. It was gorging itself on the soft tissue of Sir Godfrey’s stomach.

“Dear god!” came an exclaimation. “A neuri. Blue bloody hell.”

The man standing at the entrance wore a large white walrus mustache and a monocle. A sword scar ran down his face, partially hidden by the glass in his eye. He wore a dark blue suit, emblazoned with a single brass medal on a red ribbon.

He only stood at the entrance for moments after seeing the matted creature and the limp body of the once renowned archaeologist in its grasp. Then, without glancing towards it, the man snatched a pike from a Scythian warrior standing guard at the entrance to the exhibit, and with a battle cry, lunged with his weapon at the creature.

To defend itself from the attack from the stange, upright Englishman attacking with the ancient Scythian pike, the creature flung the limp body of Sir Godfrey across the room. He crashed once again into the chariot and sunk into it with a groan.

The creature turned to its attacker and batted away the pike, its iron spike just missing its target. The Englishman grunted a curse and skidded on the slick floor. He ducked and dodged the creature’s clawed paws that struck out at him. 

His pike came up again and paried the creature’s slash. But shattered, the ancient wood no match for a well-muscled arm of a neuri. The man was knocked onto his backside and wobbled like an overturned tortoise for a moment.

As the creature lunged, he kicked it snount. The creature barely grunted as blood spurted from a cut made the the Englishman’s bootheel. But the moent gave the man time to scramble away and pick up the broken end to his pike, then turn and face the beast.

It lunged. He paried. Long claws slashed and tore his suit, ripping into his flesh and leaving bright red but jagged lines across his chest. The blow knocked him back again, this time against another display case stacked with old clay pots. One teetered, fell. It smashed to shards on the hard tile floor.

“Huh!” grunted the Englishman, taking a moment to glance at the broken pieces. “Probably a damn fake, knowing that cheat, Sir Godfrey!”

He didn’t both looking at the wounds on his chest.

But the creature advanced once more. It swung both arms foward, trying to catch the Englishman in a great hug. Instead, the man dropped to his knees, then, as the creature’s lunge took it above it, he launched himself upwards with all his strenth, and drop the short but hard end of the broken pike ito the creature’s abdomen. 

It bellowed in agony, its gut pierced by the iron pike. The tip ripped in and the side hook took purchase, keeping the weapon embedded. It would rip the wound more if it were pulled out. 

Besides, the smashed wooden handle, once almost ten feet long, was barely portruding from the creature.

The Englishman smiled at his work but his celebration was cut short as a hind leg kicked out and caught him in the mouth. He sprawled backwards but rolled quickly to his feet, hands ready to defend against another attack.

But the creature was running the other way, crashing through exhibit boxes and display cases. At the NO EXIT doorway, it paused and looked back at the Englishman.

“Masta ...” it growled. “Masta ...”

Then it disappeared into the back stairwell.

The Englishman stood erect, his back ramrod straight. He tucked in his torn shirt and rebuttoned his jacket, a puzzled look on his face. Then he turned and half jogged to the overturned chariot.

Inside, Sir Godfrey struggled for breath, blood-foam forming on his lips.

“Krill. Thank god for you, sir.”

“Try not to talk, Sir Godfrey. You are mortally wounded. I’ll call for an ambulance.”

Sir Godfrey mustered all his strength to grab Krill’s arm. “No. As you said, it is a mortal wound. Or worse. The creature ...”

“A neuri.”

“Yes. It ... you must kill me before ... oh, god!”

The archaeologist spasmed in pain, his eyes rolling back into his head.

“It ... begins ... Colonel ... kill me before ...”

“Why was it here, dammit? What did it want?”

“Must ... destroy ...”

“Why? Damn you, you bloody fool? What did it want?

Sir Godfrey didn’t answer. His head rolled right and his empty eyes stared across the room. Colonel Krill followed the dying man’s look and saw the small, gold statuette.

“What is it? You fool, what is that? Why did the creature want it? Who does it serve?”

Again, Sir Godfrey didn’t answer. He only gripped Krill’s arm. “For god’s sake man, kill me ...”

Colonel Krill looked down at the man dying before him. “You poor bloody, stupid man. What deal did you make with that thing’s master?”

Then he put his hand over Sir Godfrey’s mouth and nose and clamped down hard. The man’s eyes widened, then closed. He coughed once beneath Krill’s hand and died.

Krill sighed, stood up and looked back at the NO EXIT doorway. Then strode over to where the small, gold statuette lay on the floor. He picked it up and turned it over in his hand.

It was a figure of a man in regle robes and a turban. He was in a seated position, as if riding something. But, whatever the little gold man was riding had been broken away.

Krill slipped the figurine into his pocket, stepped over to the wall and smashed the emergency alarm glass. The exhibit hall was filled with bright white flashing lights and the piercing sounds of alarms.
