Herein, I shall attempt to record the story --- the testaments, if you will --- of Colonel Krill and the Tentacle Cult.

The story begins more than 150 years ago at the height of the British Empire in India when Col. Krill was first tasked with the uneviable job of erradiating what Lord Curzon deemed to be 'devil worshiping cults,' but was really a purge of anything contrary to the western civilization ideals that the Victorian English felt was their God-given duty to spread throughout the world.

It is the story of that man, Colonel Alysius Krill, and his mad ambition to destroy the 'gods who are rejected.' And my attempt to understand, and to pass along, his reasons for doing so.

This I have recorded in ...

THE 64 TESTAMENTS OF COL. KRILL & THE TENTACLE CULT
(a collection of 64 novellas in 8 volumes)

But first, I must set the stage and explain, for those of you not experts in the ancient deities, who the 'gods who are rejected' were and how Col. Krill came to defy them.

VOL. 0 --- THE GODS WHO ARE REJECTED

Disturbed from their slumber when their temple was violated and a great sacrilege committed, the 'gods who are rejected' burn with unholy anger at the humans who tossed them aside. But an eternal curse upon the one who committed the sacrilege is not enough ... the gods demand retribution upon all humanity and call upon their priest, Mobedan Mobed, to tear open the barrier between their realm of nightmares and the realm of humanity so that they can enter and plunge the world into a new eternal darkness.

-> READ THE GODS WHO ARE REJECTED <-
